OCPBUGS-18561: Added prere to vSphere docs for reachable vCenter (#64748)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-initializing-manual.adoc

ifndef::aws-china,aws-gov,aws-secret,azure-gov,ash,aws-private,azure-private,gcp-private,gcp-shared,ash-default,ash-network,ibm-cloud-private,ibm-power-vs-private[]
For user-provisioned installations of {product-title}, you manually generate your installation configuration file.
endif::aws-china,aws-gov,aws-secret,azure-gov,ash,aws-private,azure-private,gcp-private,gcp-shared,ash-default,ash-network,ibm-cloud-private,ibm-power-vs-private[]
ifdef::vsphere-upi,restricted-upi[]
For user-provisioned installations of {product-title}, you manually generate your installation configuration file.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The Cluster Cloud Controller Manager Operator performs a connectivity check on the provided hostname or IP address, so ensure that you specify a hostname or IP address to a reachable vCenter server. If you provide metadata to a non-existent vCenter server, installation of the cluster fails at the bootstrap stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cluster Cloud Controller Manager Operator performs a connectivity check on a provided hostname or IP address. Due to this, you need to ensure that you specify a hostname or IP address to a reachable vCenter server. If you provide metadata to a non-existent vCenter server, installation of the cluster fails at the bootstrap stage.
```
